1. As achiever, how often do you play ML?
2. As achiever, what is your reason of Playing ML?
3. How does playing ML affect your academic Performance?
4. what are your lived experiences as Academic Achiever who is
an ml player?

Participant 1

transcription
1.	yes something, ahh…. it’s like three or four,.. yes.
2.	the thing is, I have a lot of free time….and….i d-don’t have any entertainment….so I wait for my girlfriend when she has something to do, ml is just to pass time and it can also sometimes relieve my stress.
3.	ahhh…for me, sometimes is…..at the same time….it’s like all of the tasks will get piled up, you know, because sometimes I prioritize ml (mobile legend) rather than all activities, kind of like that….and just like that it affected a little, just a little bit.
4.	the thing is………just nothing, chill (laughs) ahh….the thing is sometimes ahh… I could not do any activity because I play ml and I couldn’t make make any activity or any house chores just because I play ml again.

Participant 2

transcription
1.	so as achiever, in a day maybe if I was in the school, it’s like……3 to 4 games, and when I go home, maybe like……again 4 to 5 games. But, if there’s no class if there is time, play it excessively.

2.	what is the reason why I play ml, it’s just……for fun only, like the thing is when you are so stressed, and you play ml because for them, there are some they don’t like it, but for me it’s nice because it doesn’t have- because when you think about it it’s like coping mechanism, for me only.

3.	so, the thing is, it affected it, because that time when you have activity and it’s like you want it, specially when the ml season came? and it is it’s ranking, so it’s like…. you like to have party because there are some who says “let’s play first, do it later” it’s like there are times you get to neglect your activities, but for me, that the thing for me the I get addicted to two things, so….i balance it because of ml I don’t want it to affect my studies, there are some effects of it, but for me that is to motivate it, I can minimize its effect that’s why the thing is I.. just balance it.

4.	there are times that there is a class and then…I could play you know, withing 25 to 20 minutes and then the game doesn’t end yet but you get scared too because it has something that……if you don’t stop it’s-the game of AFK, so there is a possibility that you’re- there is a minus in your credit score in your account. Then for you to continue playing the game while…..the teacher is discussing or not that but….it’s like it’s very important discussion that I feel like I can’t cope with it, I will really stop, but there are times that I just hide…..just to finish the game. there are some other times that there is activity, I just say that “I’ll do it later, I can do it, let’s play ml.

Participant 3

1.	Ah…In a day like, two games………. per day.

2.	Ahm… my reason why I play the ml is…. sometimes its’s like when I finish…. when I finish doing assignments you know i-I am in boredom… I get bored to some, some of my, I finish all my works, and after finishing my works, I look for some- I look for some ways to entertain myself, so that’s why I play Ml.


3.	Playing ml is… it can affect me positively, because there I…. Ahh…. There I learned time management. because I prior the, my study before I play ml. At that we can learn strategies, because when we say ml, Ahm… our brain works with strategies. because how can we like…. it’s like…the ml, it is like our life. because how can we sol- how can we defeat the challenges, how can we solve the challenges in our- in our life- so that is.

4.	ahh…to my lived experiences, so. it depends-depends, to a one person if it negatively effects In playing ml is…. sometimes m-ml is, - yes ml can be addicting, but it only depends to a person if… you allow to get addicted, or making ml as one of the strategies… that…will provide a positive effect on you. The study habits…. and …... the household chores? hmmm… just like that.

Participant 4

1.	so, it really depends, (clap sound) as for me being busy is sometimes, is I am really busy you know so… there is no… time to play, but if there is a free a little….is I have 2 hours in it, two hours of playing, it’s… every night... hmm.
2.	ah, the thing is you know the ml is one of the ways for me to… Socialize, so I meet a lot of new friends there and also that is also the reason. Something about that…that it doesn’t bore me, it is to remove the boring and also for… to… to- sca- to scape from stress to all the given activities in school.
3.	so, the ml cannot be postponed that it really somewhat has bad I fluence on us because, the thing is, it’s like our mindset is always on it, it’s like we cannot think about the works in school. so, the thing is, because of the ml sometimes, I would neglect the, school works, it… will you know- and when making school works It won’t finish easily it’s all because I play ml again. Yeah.
4.	the thing is…… as an ml player that is an academic achiever it’s like relax but pressure at the same time. Because of course since I am a high academic you want the people to see… that… you are always there you want the people to see that, it’s like…you are a good example you know because you are an academic achiever. so, you get pressured…. that is why, sometimes you scape from the reality, you go to ml and let all the pressure go, all the stress, even if it is only for the meantime  it will be gone, however, it will come back but at least that in the limited time you were gone form…stress that school works have brought.


Participant 5

   1. the thing is ... this... maybe... 4 times a day. That's it.
   2. the thing it’s for boredom when there is no fun.
   3. For me, there is nothing, it doesn't affect me at all because... I also have... time management, if there are assignments or homework because... work comes first before playing games.
   4. Live experiences? Experiences. the thing Is there are times that, just like you can’t pause the ML right? so there was a time when mom's order was not fulfilled, so there are times that we get scolded….and then…. that there will also affect those…..just like what you have said the house hold chores just like that…..ma…it will not-not be made on time, like that. and that’s all (small laugh)






